docs:  update tsdb.md with the added "smeta.bin" (#1074)
apache/skywalking-banyandb: docs/concept/tsdb.md

The `primary.bin` file contains the index of each [block](#Block). Through it, the actual data files or the tagFamily metadata files ending with `.tfm` can be indexed, which in turn helps to locate the data in blocks.

> Starting from 0.10, a part may also include an optional `smeta.bin` file. It stores compact **series metadata** (for example, a mapping between `SeriesID` and the series `EntityValues`) that appears in this part. This file is mainly used for operational debugging and offline inspection tools, and older parts may not have it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `smeta.bin` file persists compact series metadata (e.g., SeriesID to EntityValues mappings). It is primarily designed for operational debugging and offline inspection tools.
```
